README.md, before:

# team-profile-generator

For this project, the following acceptance criteria was followed - 
GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I am prompted for my team members and their information
THEN an HTML file is generated that displays a nicely formatted team roster based on user input
WHEN I click on an email address in the HTML
THEN my default email program opens and populates the TO field of the email with the address
WHEN I click on the GitHub username
THEN that GitHub profile opens in a new tab
WHEN I start the application
THEN I am prompted to enter the team manager’s name, employee ID, email address, and office number
WHEN I enter the team manager’s name, employee ID, email address, and office number
THEN I am presented with a menu with the option to add an engineer or an intern or to finish building my team
WHEN I select the engineer option
THEN I am prompted to enter the engineer’s name, ID, email, and GitHub username, and I am taken back to the menu
WHEN I select the intern option
THEN I am prompted to enter the intern’s name, ID, email, and school, and I am taken back to the menu
WHEN I decide to finish building my team
THEN I exit the application, and the HTML is generated

#Description
I build a team profile generator so that a manager is able to answer questions in the terminal and then a webpage is generated that includes his/her full team.  The manager is able to add themselves, engineers, or interns.

#Video
![Alt Text](Demo.gif)

Deployed website - https://mguppy.github.io/team-profile-generator/

#Questions
If you have any questions about the repo, open an issue or contact me directly at mguppy34@gmail.com. You can find more of my work at github.com/mguppy.

Credits: w3schools.com, my tutor, classmates and my programmer husband

Commit message:

added gif of test cases passing

README.md, after:

# team-profile-generator

For this project, the following acceptance criteria was followed - 
GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I am prompted for my team members and their information
THEN an HTML file is generated that displays a nicely formatted team roster based on user input
WHEN I click on an email address in the HTML
THEN my default email program opens and populates the TO field of the email with the address
WHEN I click on the GitHub username
THEN that GitHub profile opens in a new tab
WHEN I start the application
THEN I am prompted to enter the team manager’s name, employee ID, email address, and office number
WHEN I enter the team manager’s name, employee ID, email address, and office number
THEN I am presented with a menu with the option to add an engineer or an intern or to finish building my team
WHEN I select the engineer option
THEN I am prompted to enter the engineer’s name, ID, email, and GitHub username, and I am taken back to the menu
WHEN I select the intern option
THEN I am prompted to enter the intern’s name, ID, email, and school, and I am taken back to the menu
WHEN I decide to finish building my team
THEN I exit the application, and the HTML is generated

# Description
I build a team profile generator so that a manager is able to answer questions in the terminal and then a webpage is generated that includes his/her full team.  The manager is able to add themselves, engineers, or interns.

# Demo of Team Profile Generator
![Alt Text](Demo.gif)

# Video of Test Cases
![Alt Text](Testing.gif)

Deployed website - https://mguppy.github.io/team-profile-generator/

# Questions
If you have any questions about the repo, open an issue or contact me directly at mguppy34@gmail.com. You can find more of my work at github.com/mguppy.

Credits: w3schools.com, my tutor, classmates and my programmer husband
